hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed today we're going to go
explore another brand new AI tool which
is sunno Making Waves sound waves it's
an AI to music generator and with their
new V3 release it can do full two minute
songs you can actually create continue
it and create fullblown songs lyrics
Everything let's go take a look at sunno
and when you first go there you're going
to come to this page and this sort of
indicates that you can make songs from a
prompt which is pretty cool we we'll
have a look at that a moment so you just
click make a song it'll take you here
the first thing it shows you is an
exploration menu so you can see what
other people are creating how many
people like it give you a bit of
inspiration if you go to create you'll
be able to see the interface we're going
to come back to this I want to show you
this in a moment but before we do I like
to go through and just check pricing
settings that sort of stuff so if we go
and have a look at the help
FAQs and we'll also have a look because
I've used up my free credits you get 50
credits a day we'll talk about those in
a moment but look here's the FAQs let's
take a look here there's some really
important things then I'll show you how
cool the music is that we're able to
create things you need to know can you
make songs bigger yep you can stitch
them together it tells you how very cool
we won't get into that right now uh but
it means that you can create a corus and
a refrain you can your lead outs and you
can create them all separately and
Stitch them all together in the same
genre it can just continue on the song
So it stays the same now here's where it
gets interesting they have a free
account gives you 5 fre credits per day
which they say will make 10 songs not
quite it'll make five songs and two
versions of each song But as a free User
it's important to note you don't own
your artwork okay you can't monetize
your songs you can't use them on
Spotify tells you commercial uses only
available on their Pro or premere
plans and here's something really
interesting if I subscribe so I played
around with the free stuff I created a
song I'm in love with if I create a Pro
Plan can I keep that and own it no if
you generate it as a free user they own
it forever you can't use it for
commercial use very interesting uh who
owns the songs you do if you're paying
they do if you're not and there's a
copyright here
who who uh owns the songs who has the
copyright protection and they Dodge that
bullet talk to a lawyer Etc okay won't
get too caught up in that let's go look
at their pricing so the basic plan free
50 credits you'll see over here on your
left menu that gives you 10 songs
technically it's five songs not 10 cuz
it does two jobs at once right and
you're using a Shar generation cue so it
can take a little bit of time now if you
scroll up to their Pro Plan or upgrade
to their Pro Plan you're $8 or $10
depending on whether or not you pay
monthly or annually but 10 bucks a month
just month to month is pretty good gives
you 2500 credits which is 500 songs but
it does 10 at once so that means you're
going to get 10 of the same song 10
different versions so still 250 uh it's
still a heap okay so remember over here
on the plan here you get 50 that renewed
daily so it's still cool to play with
I'm only on the free plan here for
demoing today if you want the premere
plan and you want to go crazy are you're
looking at 24 or 30 bucks if you just
pay month to month so that's pricing
foro now let's go look at the music and
how easy it is to create right so they
have two modes we'll start with the
basic mode which is describe the style
of music and top you want so let's just
put a prompt hey write me a song about
ABCD I like this style this genre I want
it to build up and so on so this where
you can be a bit
creative now you can also choose a song
without lyrics if you want b-roll
footage background music you can just
create some nice orchestral background
music you might want suspense for part
of your video clips whatever you can
create it all here which is pretty
cool is it any good well before I show
you the songs let's have a look at
custom mode which gives us a bit more
power you can enter your own lyrics
Generate random lyrics write your own or
get some help from AI use two verses
eight lines for best results so what I
did you can create make random lyrics or
you can go over to something like
perplexity I use perplexity AI I asked
it to create some lyrics for me I gave
it a theme so I did a song I'm hungry
which is a horor song about someone who
wants to their hot dog but their hands
are full um I've just tried some
different things we'll check them in a
moment but let's carry on with the
custom mode so this is where you could
paste your lyrics or you can just write
your own ones or you can click make
random lyrics and it will just generate
some random lyrics and then it'll create
a song so pure AI generation siing on
malat catch a morning and raise people
don't pay me for my rap folks but you
get the idea and then you can enter this
style of music so let's hover that there
uh Do You Want acoustic pop soos models
don't recognize artists names but they
do understand genre and Vibes so give me
a Cool vibe in a jazz club something
like that okay and again you can use
random Styles so let's do that we're
getting epic dance pop don't like that
groovy salsa kids music so you can just
press that till you get something and
that will also give you some ideas about
what you can do infectious K-pop no we
have some standards here bouncy grunge
let's go with bouncy grunge give it a
title choose which version I'm not sure
why you would use version two it's
terrible version three is just dropped
give it a title and when you create it I
can't because I've run out of credits
I've already made some it also creates
album art so let's go have a look at
what I've created the first one was well
let's do I'm hungry and let's see if we
can hear
that just check
here
[Music]
okay
without Los
control all I want to do is f
myty I
can't okay so their music player here
doesn't capture the full essence of the
song I'll tell you that now this is not
a good player the first time you run
through heaps of stuff drops out you
don't hear it as cleanly as you do when
you download it the good news is over
here on the right they show you the
album art right so if you download you
can download two ways um you can down
download where is it over
here you can download as audio or video
so if you do video it'll just be an mp4
file with just this the image that it
created okay and you can see the
lyrics and if you want to extend the
song you like that but you want to add
to it this is where you can use gosh
this is the joy of a screen share uh
remix will allow you to remix it
continue from the song will allow you to
build on the song in the same genre
style and voice and of course you can
rename it add it to your playlist which
is over here with your library uh you
can share these which is cool so there
you can either link or you can put it on
the public channel for everyone to see
if you're that proud of it and so on and
you can report if there's a bugle in
appropriate behavior so we also had it
create um so this
one so you can see when you click on it
it brings up the full menu it's got the
verse
it's a battle for the Big Apple let's
get rid of that little message up there
and so on so if you go
remix it'll show you the lyrics and you
can get in and you can start playing
around okay so basically I just gave it
a prompt and uh into perplexity
about aliens coming to steal all the hot
dogs from New York just for fun and this
is what it sounds
like and again see how bad that is so so
what we'll do is we'll just head over to
here where I've got one of them already
made this is the intro
jingle we're here to make it
right for everyone
us Evolution we're here to the long out
of we're making it
easy unlocking
potential sensing creativity free free
from to complex we've got to
cover our
Solutions leing
[Music]
found
your take
light
evolu
and we're here to make it
[Music]
okay you get the idea folks so let's try
and find my desktop my goodness where is
the desktop gosh we've got a lot of
things open okay I've got them here so
here's another one that we
[Music]
made
okay interesting style um here's what
happens when you download the intro
jingle it's a different one as an
mp4 pretty bad okay they don't all look
good or sound good obviously and here's
our street in my head but then my phone
starts ringing getting out of F I got my
keys and wallet no free fingers to be
found how am I going to eat this St
without dropping it on the ground it's a
first world problem but it's Weighing on
my soul I'm getting angry losing all
control all I want to do is feel my
empty but I can't eat this hot dog no no
no no cuz my hands are full and my dog
is getting cold I'm in a and the
struggles getting old I need a third
head or a friend and the hole so I
can has a little uh instrumental in the
middle you see it stops there at a
minute and six so when it's generated
based on your lyrics you'll have to use
the continue the song and continue so
it'll only do a chunk at a time this is
fine we don't mind that one more here's
our battle for the Big Apple
[Music]
again
def okay so very
interesting uh outputs there not too bad
right and I guess as you get better at
prompting and you really get into it you
can create some really cool stuff now
it's just a shame that their inbuilt
player here cuts out you don't get the
full song you have to download it to
really hear it properly or let it play
through a full time and then it seems to
play better but it is uh when you go to
listen so for each one it gives you two
versions which is cool and you can copy
the link share that with people hey what
do you think so really it's quite a
simple interface face honestly and it
gives you quite a bit of customizability
and I like the fact that you can join
pieces together to make a full song and
based on what we've heard it's not
terrible the lyrics sound right creates
quite catchy music depending on what
genre Now is it going to
win Grammys and all that sort of stuff
right now probably not but it's an
indicator of where things are going
great if you just want to create some
throwaway music and guess what no
copyright issues you're not going to get
copyright strikes from YouTube because
you created it yourself assuming you're
on a paid plan so very cool tool if
you're using it let me know feel free to
share your best creations down in the
comments and if you like this type of
video please do subscribe so I am
incentivized to keep sharing these new
tools and other cool tips to maximize
our Edge in the AI era that's what we're
all about here so I hope you've enjoyed
a little glimpse into sunno very cool
little toy quite Blown Away and uh I'll
see you with the next video peace